[notation] Change default levels for easier factorization of prefixes (#19149)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/user-extensions/syntax-extensions.rst

Hence, some care has to be taken not to hide already existing rules by new
rules. Indeed notations with a common prefix but different levels can
interfere with one another, making some of them unusable. For instance, a notation ``x << y`` with ``x``
and ``y`` at level 69 would be broken by another rule that puts
``y`` at another level, like ``x << y << z`` with ``x`` at level 69 and ``y``
at level 200. To avoid such issues, you should left factorize rules, that is ensure
that common prefixes use the samel levels.

.. coqtop:: all

   Reserved Notation "x << y" (at level 70).
   Fail Reserved Notation "x << y << z" (at level 70, y at level 200).

In order to factorize the left part of the rules, the subexpression
referred to by ``y`` has to be at the same level in both rules. However the
default behavior puts ``y`` at the next level below 70 in the first rule
(``no associativity`` is the default). To fix this, we
need to force the parsing level of ``y``, as follows.

.. coqtop:: reset all

   Reserved Notation "x << y" (at level 70).
   Reserved Notation "x << y << z" (at level 70, y at next level).

> Or better, simply let the defaults ensure best factorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or better yet, simply let the defaults ensure best factorization.
```

Reviewer 2: "... the best factorization."

   Notation "x < y" := (lt x y) (at level 70).
   Notation "x < y < z" := (x < y /\ y < z) (at level 70, y at next level).

Use :n:`at existing level` when an already reserved notation has a

> common prefix. This :n:`@syntax_modifier` then reuses the same levels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
common prefix. This :n:`@syntax_modifier` reuses the same levels.
```

   Notation "x < y" := (lt x y) (at level 70).
   Notation "x < y < z" := (x < y /\ y < z) (at level 70, y at next level).

> To ease factorization, we provide :n:`at existing level`. This
> :n:`@syntax_modifier` can be used when reserving a notation with an
> already reserved prefix.  The :n:`at existing level or @natural`
> variant can be used to provide a default in case no such prefix can be
> found.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use :n:`at existing level` when <WHEN TO USE IT> in order to <DO WHATEVER IT DOES>.
:n:`@syntax_modifier` can be used when reserving a notation with an
already reserved prefix.  Use :n:`at existing level or @natural`
variant to provide a default in case no such prefix can be
found.
```

Easier to understand if it tells the reader when and how to use it.
Would you add a direct statement of what this syntax does?  Examples alone may not be clear enough.
Probably reword/drop ":n:`@syntax_modifier` can be used when reserving a notation with an already reserved prefix" to fit with an updated first sentence.

Author: Thanks, I tried something along those lines.

.. coqtop:: all

   Reserved Notation "#0 x #1 y" (at level 7, x at level 12, y at level 42).
   Reserved Notation "#0 x #1 y #2 z"
     (at existing level, x at existing level, y at existing level or 64,
      z at existing level or 64).
   Print Notation "#0 _ #1 _ #2 _".

.. warn:: Ignoring "at existing level", no previously reserved notation with a common prefix.
   :name: no-existing-level

>    The use of :n:`at existing level` requires a previously reserved

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Using :n:`at existing level` requires a previously reserved
```

   notation with a common prefix.

.. warn:: Ignoring some "x at existing level", no previously reserved notation with a long enough common prefix.
   :name: no-existing-level-long-enough

>    The use of :n:`@ident at existing level` requires a previously

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Using :n:`@ident at existing level` requires a previously
```
